Now, you're on your way to being able to build a complete classifier.
You know how to analyze color and brightness in a given image,
and that skill alone can help you distinguish between say,
a red stop sign, and a green informational sign.
And I'm going to give you a classification challenge.
What if I asked you to classify two types of images
taken during either the day or at night when the sun has set?
And I want you to separate these images into two classes: day or night.
This is actually an important classification challenge for self driving cars.
These cars need to know what kind of conditions they're driving in,
so that they can safely navigate a road at any time of day.
And so that they can still recognize other vehicles and surrounding objects,
whether it's dark or light outside.
We'll walk through each classification step together.
But what do you think would be the first step in
creating a classification model for day and night images?
Before you can classify any set of images,
you have to look at them.
Visualizing the image data you're working with is
the first step in identifying any patterns in image data,
and being able to make predictions about that data.
So, we'll first load in
this image data and learn a bit about the images we'll be working with.